Now that we're ready to start working on our project we would need to do our basic set up because all
our projects Herger ago cowriter pretty much the same things right.
Even though for different projects they would be actually customized.
So all our projects we're going to need to find some icons and we're going to need to pick some kind
of fund that our hero when we need pick some images or he'll going to pick some colors.
So let's go ahead and let's start working on our basic setup so you can see or hear it.
I have a folder like Project and it's completely empty or it's sitting on my desktop and I'm using a
bracket's texter.
So I'm going to do or I'm just going to drag this folder on here like this like drag it all the way
to my text for once it's in there what I'm going to do first I'm going to create a new file and I'm
going to say this is going to be the next page.
And for here we're going to make right away a live preview so we can actually start working side by
side.
So this is going to be my real life preview and that I'm going to make it a full screen here like this.
Right.
And then the first thing that will do we're going to add hd a mascot.
So here I'm just going to say this is going to be full HD all sculpt and home like this.
The language you're going to have is going to be English then or here the style sheet right.
Is going to be linked to our style sheet that's out here.
And this is going to be project rent and this is going to be the name of our file.
We're here link.
This is going to be our main success.
I'm going to leave a comment.
Main see it says that on here you can see this is going to be doing.
And here we're going to say also main CIRCE's.
Right now we would need to create a space as file to send you file maned see this.
Now that we have this we're going to leave this one for now.
And we're going to go back to the next page tomorrow.
And this is going to be script.
This is going to be for javascript.
We're all going out once in a while some type of javascript in order to make our website function.
So now that we have this set up.
First things first let's get our fantastic.
So going to we're going to save this one over here and we're going to go back over here and you can
see that if we go to a farm or some IO well here or you can just go back to Google you can see that
if I'm right the font or some or some icons like this you can see that this is going to be the first
link that's going to open up.
So we bravely open up the link and we right away head for a down.
All right.
So here at home you can see that it's down.
So it's going to say we're here and we're going to say that we would want to download.
Right.
You can say over here you don't need to agree all this right with all new messages.
You can just say no phone number four and or hear what is going to happen is this going to say show
in Finder and this is going to be our downloads.
So once we open up our zip file or here right you can see the zip file opens and now what we need to
do is drag it or fold.
So here are just going to minimize this.
Here find the folder project and on here with we're going to do is going to drag this one and actually
place it in a project.
So now when it's sitting in our project Let's go ahead and actually add a fantastic.
So here you can see that this is going to be my farm Tarsem.
So here and there the main thing is this what we're going to do is we're going to say this is going
to be common.
This is going to be Fonte awesome icons here like this.
So let's create a link here with a Amut.
So here I'm going to say this is going to be Fonte right.
So now I need to actually show where's my folder awesome.
Then we're going to go to see assess.
And we're going to go to phantasm.
Yes.
And all here just to test that out and everything is working.
We're going to do a very basic one.
We're going to say this is going to be high with a class of hey here.
Hey And let's say this is going to be home when you're like this.
And now I can see that I have the home and I was the side note for typing my age the e-mail I'm going
to be using and met bracket's extension or here let me show you where it is basically or here it is
already downloaded.
Right so now you can see the fish sitting in a bracket extensions.
And it just takes a little bit of time to actually see right.
And within that if we go down here right this is going to be high speed HD Malins see this workflow.
And basically what it means is that this is going to speed up our workflow.
We don't need to type all the time the full element right.
The force and or development we can just type few things and it's basically going to do the out of feel
for us.
But obviously at the end you're still going to be able to see what you're writing.
So even if I'm even if you are not using them right you'll see what's actually being typed.
I would suggest for you to switch it because it is really going to speed up your workflow and avoid
unnecessary typing class and IDs and all those kind of things.
Right.
So what I'm going to do here I'm going to say this now we have found us when we see or hear and next
we're going to move one and look at what is the next thing.
So now we're done with fun.
Awesome.
Next what would be Google fonts.
And again we just go here and type Google fonts and we are led all here to this page and on here I'm
going to download right away rebottle because I like them and they're popular and all kinds of good
stuff.
However obviously you can see or hear that you have choices upon choices of choice.
Right.
And on here you can be more specific right.
You can click whatever class you want right so you can choose the categories or you have styles right.
Or you can choose the thickness and slant and I mean I going to go over these options because they're
very self-explanatory what you can do however how you download this right.
So what you can do here was going out here and you can see that it's a family select.
So what we do here you can see that it opens up and then it says all right to this is we wouldn't be
doing that we would need.
And this is the link that we need to place actually in our head element and our hand is when we would
need to add.
Right.
And obviously this we would have tactual body.
So what you going to do here.
We're going to say that this is going to be phantasm.
And after that or here we're going to say this is going to be Google and we're going to say for months.
Right.
So here what is going to happen when the copy and paste this writing this is going to be new fonts will
save this and we're going to go back over here.
I don't know what to say for the whole body.
We're going to go back and we're going to get this from the family room Otto So here I'm going to copy
this and we're going to go back over here and and copy paste this font family everybody.
So now when we have our custom fonts Let's check it out where we could get a images and where we can
get colors and clothes.
This from Tarsem.
And obviously you can get images from Google if you want.
However there's always going to be an issue if you're actually trying to sell something right.
Has your web page or something like that that you obviously need to have a copyright.
Right.
You cannot just willy nilly starting other people's images because they obviously belong to them.
So you can always do is go to pixels.
That's one of the Web sites and there's obviously few of them right where you can actually get images
for free more here and they're very actually good quality.
All right so we've got the pixels you can see what's happening right.
You can see that these are going to be images.
But obviously here you can just search right.
So I'm kind of right on your computer doing this right.
And I was going to have computer images on here if I'm going to type on City.
Right and we're going to be getting a lot of my city images and I can go on and on.
Right.
So this would be a very nice site to actually get images.
And actually once you start getting images from here and once you're going to be surfing around the
web you actually are going to notice that a lot of even well-known Web sites use this as free images
right.
It might come as a surprise but you're actually very soon to notice a lot of people are using these
sites.
So here the next one would be Gratus the graphy just because it gives you a lot of funky images.
So if you have like some type of I don't know section of your web site or the whole project you want
to make it funky right.
Go to grad discover it because you can really get some some really cool and interesting images.
Then after that we have afterimages we have colors so I'm going to call these guys here.
And for the colors I would suggest over here this see and over here this is going to be two O's and
then colors right.
So cool person or something like that right.
And or a nice thing oh here is the generator to go back over here and we click on generator.
And now what we would need to do is actually just start pressing the space bar and we're going to be
giving five options.
It's all anti-fracking repressing spreadable you can see that my colors are changing.
However I can go back over here and let's say you can see this lock.
So you can lock this car and now I'm getting for.
Right.
So now if I pick again something right.
So now I'm going to be having over here.
Then let's say I'm going to pick.
I don't know.
And the collar on.
Right right.
So now we have all of them right.
So let's say I would just need last one.
So I'm just going to keep on pressing all here wherever and till I find whatever color I want.
Now obviously you don't need to use all five of them right.
But what it does it actually has a good suggestions right.
Which colors would actually go together and now that we're actually done with our basic setup we can
go ahead and start working on our project.